Updated canton docker image location (#612)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/canton/usermanual/docker.rst

Running in Docker
=================

.. note::

	Please note that the images have moved from ``digitalasset-canton-enterprise-docker.jfrog.io/digitalasset/canton-enterprise``
        to ``digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io/canton-enterprise`` as per version 2.8.0. The old images will remain, but new versions won't 

>         be added to the old repository. In addition, a docker image with the open source version is no longer provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        be added to the old repository. In addition, a Docker image with the open source version is no longer provided.
```
For clarity, would this be better as "a Docker image is no longer provided with the open source version of Canton"?

Reviewer 2: Another option: The open source Canton Docker image is no longer available.

(I'm seeing it this way: the Docker image *is/was* one form of the open source version... not something provided "with" it)

Reviewer 2: Also wanted to note that we have a separate work item of improving Docker instructions everywhere, so we will likely expand/revise this later (we can go with an "MVP" edition for now) 🙂

Author: fixed

The canton executable is the default image entry point so all examples using ``bin/canton`` can simply substitute that with ``docker run digitalasset/canton``.

For example, to run a command in interactive console mode, defining a participant on the fly:

.. code-block:: bash

   docker run --rm -it digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io/canton-enterprise:latest \
        --no-tty -C canton.participants.p.ledger-api.port=1234

The ``--rm`` option ensures that the container is removed when the canton process exits.
The ``-it`` options start the container interactively and provide access to our running console.

> The ``-no-tty`` option disables the ``tty`` mode as otherwise the console is not usable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``-no-tty`` option deactivates ``tty`` mode, as the console is not usable with that mode engaged.
```

Author: Fixed

By default Docker will pull the ``latest`` tag containing the latest Canton release.
As Docker will only automatically pull ``latest`` once, ensure you have the latest version by
periodically running ``docker pull digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io/canton-enterprise``.

Configuring Logging
-------------------
The default convention with logging of containers is to have the process to log to ``stdout``. Therefore, we change the logging behaviour of Canton using appropriate :ref:`command line flags <logging>`, such as ``--log-profile=container``.

Accessing the Running Node
--------------------------

> Normally, you will run Canton in ``daemon`` mode and use :ref:`remote console <canton_remote_console>` to interact with the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normally, you run Canton in ``daemon`` mode and use :ref:`remote console <canton_remote_console>` to interact with the node.
```

Exposing the Ledger API or Admin API to the host machine
--------------------------------------------------------

> Applications using Canton will typically need access to the Ledger or Admin API to read from and write to the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications using Canton typically need access to the Ledger or Admin API to read from and write to the ledger.
```

Author: Fixed

Each participant binds the Ledger API to the port specified at the configuration key: ``ledger-api.port``.
For ``participant1`` in the simple topology example this is set to port 5011.

To expose the Ledger API to port 5011 on the host machine, run Docker with the following options:

.. code-block:: bash

   docker run --rm -it \
      -p 5011:5011 \
      digitalasset-docker.jfrog.io/canton-enterprise \
      -C canton.participants.participant1.ledger-api.address=0.0.0.0 \
      --config examples/01-simple-topology/simple-topology.conf \
      --bootstrap examples/01-simple-topology/simple-ping.canton

> The Ledger API port for each participant will need to be mapped separately. The same applies to the Admin API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ledger API port for each participant must be mapped separately. The same applies to the Admin API.
```

Author: Fixed

Supplying custom configuration and DARs
---------------------------------------

> To expose files to the canton container, you must specify a volume mapping from the host machine to the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose files to the Canton container, you must specify a volume mapping from the host machine to the container.
```

Author: Fixed

> For example, if you have the local directory ``my-application`` containing your custom canton configuration and DAR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you have the local directory ``my-application`` containing your custom Canton configuration and DAR:
```

Author: Fixed
